llmobs: update experiments sdk documentation (#30618)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/llm_observability/experiments/_index.md

        {
            "input_data": {"question": "Which city serves as the capital of South Africa?"},
            "expected_output": "Pretoria",
            "metadata": {"difficulty": "medium"}
        }
    ]
)
```

#### Managing Dataset Records

The Dataset class provides methods to manage records:

```python
# Add a new record
dataset.append({
    "input_data": {"question": "What is the capital of Switzerland?"},
    "expected_output": "Bern",
    "metadata": {"difficulty": "easy"}
})

# Update an existing record
dataset.update(0, {
    "input_data": {"question": "What is the capital of China?"},
    "expected_output": "Beijing",
    "metadata": {"difficulty": "medium"}
})

# Delete a record
dataset.delete(1)  # Deletes the second record

# Save changes to Datadog
dataset.push()
```

#### Accessing Dataset Records

You can access dataset records using standard Python indexing:

```python
# Get a single record
record = dataset[0]

# Get multiple records
records = dataset[1:3]

# Iterate through records
for record in dataset:
    print(record["input_data"])

# Get dataset length
print(len(dataset))

# View dataset in Datadog UI
print(f"View dataset: {dataset.url}")
```

> #### Retrieving a Dataset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Retrieving a dataset
```

To retrieve an existing dataset from Datadog:

```python
dataset = LLMObs.pull_dataset("capitals-of-the-world")
```

> #### Working with CSV Files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Working with CSV files
```

> You can create datasets from CSV files and export datasets to pandas DataFrames. Note that pandas is required for these operations - install it via `pip install pandas`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create datasets from CSV files and export datasets to pandas DataFrames. 

**Note**: Pandas is required for these operations; install it with `pip install pandas`.
```

```python
# Create dataset from CSV
dataset = LLMObs.create_dataset_from_csv(
    csv_path="questions.csv",
    dataset_name="geography-quiz",
    input_data_columns=["question", "category"],  # Columns to use as input
    expected_output_columns=["answer"],           # Columns to use as expected output
    metadata_columns=["difficulty"],              # Optional: Additional columns as metadata
    csv_delimiter=",",                           # Optional: Defaults to comma
    description="Geography quiz dataset"          # Optional: Dataset description
)

# Example CSV format:
# question,category,answer,difficulty
# What is the capital of Japan?,geography,Tokyo,medium
# What is the capital of Brazil?,geography,Brasília,medium

# Convert dataset to pandas DataFrame
df = dataset.as_dataframe()
print(df.head())

# DataFrame output with MultiIndex columns:
#                                    input_data          expected_output  metadata
#                                    question category         answer    difficulty
# 0  What is the capital of Japan?  geography         Tokyo      medium
# 1  What is the capital of Brazil? geography      Brasília      medium
```

> The DataFrame will have a MultiIndex structure with the following columns:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DataFrame has a MultiIndex structure with the following columns:
```

- `input_data`: Contains all input fields from `input_data_columns`
- `expected_output`: Contains all output fields from `expected_output_columns`
- `metadata`: Contains any additional fields from `metadata_columns`

> Notes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Notes**:
```
Small nitpick

- CSV files must have a header row
- Maximum field size is 10MB
- All columns not specified in `input_data_columns` or `expected_output_columns` are automatically treated as metadata
- The dataset is automatically pushed to Datadog after creation

### Experiment class

An _experiment_ is a collection of traces that tests the behavior of an LLM feature or LLM application against a dataset. The input data comes from the dataset, and the outputs are the final generations of the feature or application that is being tested.

> #### Creating an Experiment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Creating an experiment
```

- `input_data`: Contains all input fields from `input_data_columns`
- `expected_output`: Contains all output fields from `expected_output_columns`
- `metadata`: Contains any additional fields from `metadata_columns`

**Notes**:
- CSV files must have a header row
- Maximum field size is 10MB
- All columns not specified in `input_data_columns` or `expected_output_columns` are automatically treated as metadata
- The dataset is automatically pushed to Datadog after creation

### Experiment class
An experiment is a collection of traces used to test the behavior of an LLM application or agent against a dataset. The dataset provides the input data, and the outputs are the final generations produced by the application under test.

#### Task
The task defines the core workflow you want to evaluate. It can range from a single LLM call to a more complex flow involving multiple LLM calls and RAG steps. The task is executed sequentially across all records in the dataset.

#### Evaluators
Evaluators are functions that measure how well the model or agent performs by comparing the output to either the expected_output or the original input. Datadog supports the following evaluator types:

> - boolean – returns true or false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- boolean: returns true or false
```

> - score – returns a numeric value (float)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- score: returns a numeric value (float)
```

> - categorical – returns a labeled category (string)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- categorical: returns a labeled category (string)
```

#### Creating an experiment

Create an experiment using `LLMObs.experiment()`:

1. Load a dataset
```python
from ddtrace.llmobs import LLMObs
from typing import Dict, Any, Optional, List

dataset = LLMObs.pull_dataset("capitals-of-the-world")
```

2. Define a task function that processes a single dataset record.
```python
def task(input_data: Dict[str, Any], config: Optional[Dict[str, Any]] = None) -> str:
    question = input_data["question"]
    # Your LLM or processing logic here
    return "Beijing" if "China" in question else "Unknown"
```

You can trace the different parts of your Experiment task (workflow, tool calls...) using the [same tracing decorators](https://docs.datadoghq.com/llm_observability/instrumentation/custom_instrumentation?tab=decorators#trace-an-llm-application) you use in production.

> If you use a [supported framework](https://docs.datadoghq.com/llm_observability/instrumentation/auto_instrumentation?tab=python) (e.g openAI, ...), LLMObs will automatically trace and annotate calls to LLM frameworks and libraries, giving you out-of-the-box observability for calls that your LLM application makes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use a [supported framework](https://docs.datadoghq.com/llm_observability/instrumentation/auto_instrumentation?tab=python) (e.g openAI, ...), LLMObs automatically traces and annotates calls to LLM frameworks and libraries, giving you out-of-the-box observability for calls that your LLM application makes.
```
